Add default compression codec to MergeTree SETTINGS (#66394)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/merge-tree-settings.md

Default value: an empty string

## default_compression_codec

> Specifies the default compression codec to be used if none is defined for a particular column in the table declaration. If a column has a designated compression codec, it will override this default setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the default compression codec to be used if none is defined for a particular column in the table declaration. If a column has a designated compression codec, it will take priority over this default setting.
```
